# AshAndEmbers.github.io
Personal website
   This website contains elements from my portfolio and resume. Consists of several files, including HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and SVGs that I tried to incorporate into the script, and it was incredibly difficult to create, despite my best efforts. I struggled with understanding how to create and link the SVG and JavaScript files into an HTML page without encountering errors, and as this was my first time working with JavaScript, I was unaware of the fact that JavaScript will not always inform you of errors until after you run a file. 
   
   Struggling with the SVG and JavaScript the way I was incredibly inconvenient, so I was excited to try and make a. Interesting visual website. However, I was not able to interact with the CSS in the way I would have liked to, and I don't think I should disregard the fact that I struggled so much in JavaScript. My reflection. This project highlights how I feel. My weaknesses in coding are quite clear. Despite having the opportunity to ask questions during the lab, I felt embarrassed about my questions since they seemed to be basic. I wish I had been more vocal, as it would have allowed me to further explore this project rather than struggling for as long as I did.
   
   Regarding what I think I did well. During this project, I was able to explore. JavaScript more than I have ever done before, and although I didn't. Do well in the SVG format creation. I explored other techniques in JavaScript unintentionally that I feel would be a boon for the leader projects and has also encouraged me to learn more about this coding language, as it was incredibly fun. To work despite my difficulties. The interactivity I have included is basic, but. One that I quite enjoy including. It clicks Interactivity and other small elements.
   
   I would have liked to. Reexamine how I created my SVG visualization. I ended up making a traditional bar graph using JavaScript. HTML. And then translating that into. JavaScript code. I am sure that there are more convenient and streamlined ways within JavaScript to create the bar graph I wanted rather than. Translating the code directly. And inefficiently.
   